In this video, we'll go over how to launch your DApp to the test and main networks.
To do that, we'll use Node.js,
Web3, Remix, and Infura.
This is a quick and effective way to see your transactions live on these networks.
Once you get used to it, you don't really have to do things in the exact order I do here,
but to show you how,
I've broken this process down into five steps.
First, you'll point Web3 to the test network using Infura.
Next, you'll ensure MetaMask is connected to the test network.
Then, deploy your contract.
After that, replace the contract address in your code editor.
Finally, test that everything is working correctly.
Okay. So, let's get started.
First, navigate back to your Infura dashboard.
From there, make sure the drop-down is selecting the correct network.
In our case, that will be Rinkeby.
Now, copy the URL and replace the URL in
your code editor that was originally pointing towards ganache.
Next, check that MetaMask is on the right network.
Again, you want to make sure that it's on Rinkeby and that you've got some Ether there.
Now that you're on the right network,
your Remix contract should say that it's connected to an injected Web3 environment.
That's perfect. If it isn't,
you can update it to say this now.
Having lined up the networks,
you can deploy the contract.
Hit Deploy, and a window should pop up for
MetaMask asking you to confirm this transaction.
Hit confirm and the transaction will be sent to the test network.
Like before, there will be some waiting time and
you can check out the transaction on Etherscan if you'd like.
Once the transaction goes through,
your contract should appear back in Remix.
The last thing to do is grab the deployed contract address.
Copy this address and replace the current address from your editor.
That's it, you're all set up.
Save your file, go to your DApp browser,
and refresh the page.
Try sending a message,
and a window should appear again from MetaMask asking you to confirm the transaction.
Once that goes through,
you just made it confirm a transaction on
your first full-stack Ethereum decentralized application.
You can continue to view any of the details of
the contract and transactions using Etherscan.
You can also read and write data about them with Web3,
similar to how you did earlier.
Finally, this same process would be used to deploy to the main net.
The only difference would be that you'll need to wire
everything up to the main network rather than the test network,
and the end result will cost you actual Ether.
While you're getting started, the test net is fine.
By knowing a process like this,
you can be sure that you're also be ready to
deploy to the main network when the time comes.